The goal of this assignment is for you to develop a program that highlights something that is very interesting or applicable to your personal goals for this course. You can use any lab from the course that is CUDA/GPU-based or any other development environment that you want to use, as long as you make it clear in README.md, other documentation, and capstone project demonstration/presentation. You have complete freedom to use the knowledge that have gained from any GPU-based material (so no simple C/C++ or pythonn multithreaded code) that we have covered or that you have learned independent of the material from the lessons in this course. 

If you develop outside of the Coursera Labs that exist for this course, you can program in other languages than C/C++, such as Python, Java, JavaScript, etc.  Also you can use frameworks/libraries that utilize GPUs under the hood, such as PyCuda, JCuda, TensorFlow, Torch, etc. You will need to make it clear in your material how you install any languages, libraries, etc. and how you specifically use GPU hardware. You can also use non-Nvidia GPUs, though that will mean that you may need to learn non-CUDA-based language/library constructs/syntax.

Have fun with this project and make sure you get the most out of this. Feel free to spend as much time as you wish on making this project the highlight of your work in this specialization, but you should spend a minimum of 8 hours on this work. The development of this final course and all assignments was built around giving you extra time to work on this project.
